README.md, before:

# Hi there, I'm Felix Nampanya! 👋

[![Portfolio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-felixny.github.io-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=github)](https://felixny.github.io)
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-felixny-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin)](https://linkedin.com/in/felixny)
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-felixynx@gmail.com-red?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail)](mailto:felixynx@gmail.com)

## 🚀 About Me

I'm a passionate **Software Engineer** with 4+ years of experience in full-stack development, specializing in **Android**, **Frontend**, and **Backend** technologies. I love building elegant solutions with modern technologies and creating seamless user experiences.

**📍 Location:** Boston, MA  
**💼 Status:** Available for opportunities  
**🎯 Focus:** Mobile & Web Development, Cloud Technologies

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

### Mobile Development
![Android](https://img.shields.io/badge/Android-3DDC84?style=for-the-badge&logo=android&logoColor=white)
![Kotlin](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kotlin-0095D5?style=for-the-badge&logo=kotlin&logoColor=white)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white)

### Frontend Development
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=next.js&logoColor=white)
![Tailwind CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-38B2AC?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)

### Backend Development
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-43853D?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express.js-404D59?style=for-the-badge)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)

### Databases & Cloud
![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-316192?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
![Supabase](https://img.shields.io/badge/Supabase-3ECF8E?style=for-the-badge&logo=supabase&logoColor=white)
![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Amazon_AWS-232F3E?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white)
![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/Firebase-039BE5?style=for-the-badge&logo=Firebase&logoColor=white)

## 🎯 Featured Projects

### 🧳 Travel Bucket List & Info Hub
A full-stack web application for managing travel bucket lists with destination tracking, photo management, and travel planning features.

**Tech Stack:** React, TypeScript, Node.js, Express, Supabase, AWS S3, Tailwind CSS  
**Features:** Modern glass morphism UI, AWS S3 integration, external API integrations

[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-View_Project-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=github)](https://github.com/felixny/travel-bucketlist-app)

### 📊 Crypto Tracker
A Python application that monitors cryptocurrency prices in real-time, sends email alerts when prices cross predefined thresholds, and generates trend graphs.

**Tech Stack:** Python, Pandas, Matplotlib, Requests, SMTP, CoinGecko API  
**Features:** Real-time monitoring, email alerts, historical data storage, trend analysis

[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-View_Project-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=github)](https://github.com/felixny/crypto-tracker)

### 🎵 JukeBot Music Player
Real-time collaborative music sessions using Kotlin, Firebase backend, and GraphQL APIs, enabling synchronized group playlists.

**Tech Stack:** Android, Kotlin, Firebase, GraphQL, React, Real-time  
**Features:** Cross-platform control, synchronized playlists, real-time collaboration

[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-View_Project-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=github)](https://github.com/felixny/JukeBot)

## 📈 GitHub Stats

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=felixny&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true&count_private=true" alt="GitHub Stats" />
  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=felixny&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true" alt="Top Languages" />
</div>

## 🏆 Achievements

- 🎓 **4+ years** of professional software development experience
- 🚀 **Full-stack expertise** across mobile, web, and backend technologies
- ☁️ **Cloud-native** development with AWS and Firebase
- 🔄 **Cross-platform** development for maximum reach
- 📱 **Mobile-first** approach with responsive design principles

## 🌟 What I'm Working On

- 🔍 Exploring **AI/ML integration** in mobile applications
- 🌐 Building **scalable microservices** architecture
- 📱 Developing **cross-platform** solutions with React Native
- ☁️ Advancing **cloud-native** development practices

## 🤝 Let's Connect!

I'm always interested in discussing new opportunities, collaborating on interesting projects, or just having a chat about technology!

[![Portfolio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-Visit_My_Site-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=github)](https://felixny.github.io)
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-Connect-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin)](https://linkedin.com/in/felixny)
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-Get_in_Touch-red?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail)](mailto:felixynx@gmail.com)

---

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=felixny&style=for-the-badge&color=blue" alt="Profile Views" />
</div>

*"Building elegant solutions with modern technologies"* ✨

Commit message:

Revise README with new links and stats
Updated LinkedIn link and added GitHub streak and activity graph.

README.md, after:

# Hi there, I'm Felix Nampanya! 👋

[![Portfolio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-felixny.github.io-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=github)](https://felixny.github.io)
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-felixny-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin)](https://linkedin.com/in/felix-n-6790b2ba)
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-felixynx@gmail.com-red?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail)](mailto:felixynx@gmail.com)

## 🚀 About Me

I'm a passionate **Software Engineer** with 4+ years of experience in full-stack development, specializing in **Android**, **Frontend**, and **Backend** technologies. I love building elegant solutions with modern technologies and creating seamless user experiences.

**📍 Location:** Boston, MA  
**💼 Status:** Available for opportunities  
**🎯 Focus:** Mobile & Web Development, Cloud Technologies

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

### Mobile Development
![Android](https://img.shields.io/badge/Android-3DDC84?style=for-the-badge&logo=android&logoColor=white)
![Kotlin](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kotlin-0095D5?style=for-the-badge&logo=kotlin&logoColor=white)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?style=for-the-badge&logo=openjdk&logoColor=white)

### Frontend Development
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=61DAFB)
![TypeScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)
![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=next.js&logoColor=white)
![Tailwind CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-38B2AC?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)

### Backend Development
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-43853D?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white)
![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express.js-404D59?style=for-the-badge)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white)

### Databases & Cloud
![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/PostgreSQL-316192?style=for-the-badge&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)
![Supabase](https://img.shields.io/badge/Supabase-3ECF8E?style=for-the-badge&logo=supabase&logoColor=white)
![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Amazon_AWS-232F3E?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazon-aws&logoColor=white)
![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/Firebase-039BE5?style=for-the-badge&logo=Firebase&logoColor=white)

## 🎯 Featured Projects

### 🧳 Travel Bucket List & Info Hub
A full-stack web application for managing travel bucket lists with destination tracking, photo management, and travel planning features.

**Tech Stack:** React, TypeScript, Node.js, Express, Supabase, AWS S3, Tailwind CSS  
**Features:** Modern glass morphism UI, AWS S3 integration, external API integrations

[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-View_Project-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=github)](https://github.com/felixny/travel-bucketlist-app)

### 📊 Crypto Tracker
A Python application that monitors cryptocurrency prices in real-time, sends email alerts when prices cross predefined thresholds, and generates trend graphs.

**Tech Stack:** Python, Pandas, Matplotlib, Requests, SMTP, CoinGecko API  
**Features:** Real-time monitoring, email alerts, historical data storage, trend analysis

[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-View_Project-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=github)](https://github.com/felixny/crypto-tracker)

### 🎵 JukeBot Music Player
Real-time collaborative music sessions using Kotlin, Firebase backend, and GraphQL APIs, enabling synchronized group playlists.

**Tech Stack:** Android, Kotlin, Firebase, GraphQL, React, Real-time  
**Features:** Cross-platform control, synchronized playlists, real-time collaboration

[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-View_Project-black?style=for-the-badge&logo=github)](https://github.com/felixny/JukeBot)

## 📈 GitHub Stats

![GitHub Streak](https://streak-stats.demolab.com?user=felix-ny&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true)

![Felix's Activity Graph](https://github-readme-activity-graph.vercel.app/graph?username=felix-ny&theme=tokyo-night&hide_border=true)

## 🏆 Achievements

- 🎓 **4+ years** of professional software development experience
- 🚀 **Full-stack expertise** across mobile, web, and backend technologies
- ☁️ **Cloud-native** development with AWS and Firebase
- 🔄 **Cross-platform** development for maximum reach
- 📱 **Mobile-first** approach with responsive design principles

## 🌟 What I'm Working On

- 🔍 Exploring **AI/ML integration** in mobile applications
- 🌐 Building **scalable microservices** architecture
- 📱 Developing **cross-platform** solutions with React Native
- ☁️ Advancing **cloud-native** development practices

## 🤝 Let's Connect!

I'm always interested in discussing new opportunities, collaborating on interesting projects, or just having a chat about technology!

[![Portfolio](https://img.shields.io/badge/Portfolio-Visit_My_Site-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=github)](https://felixny.github.io)
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-Connect-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin)](https://linkedin.com/in/felix-n-6790b2ba)
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-Get_in_Touch-red?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail)](mailto:felixynx@gmail.com)

---

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=felixny&style=for-the-badge&color=blue" alt="Profile Views" />
</div>

*"Building elegant solutions with modern technologies"* ✨
